<h2 align="center">Feature-Interaction Aware Configuration Prioritization for Configurable Code</h2>

<dev style="text-align:justify; text-justify: inter-word;">
Unexpected interactions among features induce most bugs in a configurable software system. Exhaustively analyzing all the exponential number of possible configurations is prohibitively costly. Thus, various sampling techniques have been proposed to systematically narrow down the exponential number legal configurations to be tested. Since testing all selected configurations can require a huge amount of effort, fault-based configuration prioritization, that helps detect faults earlier, can yield practical benefits in quality assurance. In this paper, we propose CoPo, a novel formulation of feature-interaction bugs via common program entities enabled/disabled by the features. Leveraging from that, we develop an efficient feature-interaction-aware configuration prioritization technique for a configurable system by ranking the configurations according to their total number of potential bugs. We conducted several experiments to evaluate CoPo on the ability to detect configuration-related bugs in a public benchmark. We found that CoPo outperforms the state-of-the-art configuration prioritization techniques when we add them on advanced sampling algorithms. In 78% of the cases, CoPo ranks the buggy configurations at the top 3 positions. Interestingly, CoPo is able to detect 17 not-yet-discovered feature-interaction bugs.  
</dev>
